\IEEEraisesectionheading{\section{Introduction}\label{introduction}}

\IEEEPARstart{N}{owadays} due to the advancements in AI and the increasing amount of ecological disasters have led that many researchers focused their attention in not only make new advancements in the theory of the field, but also propose ways to solve, prevent or detect those disasters to mitigate the impact that they have \cite{weber2020}.

A natural disaster is researched this way are Wildfires. According to \cite{NOAA2020} wildfires produce emissions which are highly contaminant, leading to an increase in air pollution not only in the area affected by the wildfires, but also close areas near to it. Furthermore, the natural fauna and flora are also threatened, by consequence that the fire was caused due to human intervention. This is explained by \cite{malhi2009}, who uses as an example the Amazon Rainforest where the human caused wildfires alongside droughts have threatened the Rainforest to reach a possible tipping point, where it would become unsustainable unless there is some kind of intervention.

To be able to tackle this problem, researchers have decided to attempt the detection of wildfires in their early stages having the examples of \cite{shamsoshoara2020} and \cite{saied2020}, whose work have been either proposing CNN models using their own datasets or creating a new dataset containing images to create models that can be used to solve the problem.

Nevertheless, the models normally are not very accurate, an example of this is the one proposed by \cite{shamsoshoara2020} whose proposed model achieved 76%, which shows that is still possible and worth to achieve a higher score, specially considering that the architecture used is considered an old model, and new and better ones have been published since then. In addition to the prior the training process was a very simple training process that was primarily based on training through a lot of epochs. Thus, new techniques can be used to not only increase the accuracy but also reduce the amount of epochs needed to train it.

That is why the objective of this research is to propose using new architectures, models that can achieve higher accuracy over the same test dataset as the one used at \cite{shamsoshoara2020}, while needing less amount of epochs to be trained.
